Update docs about changes that went in for kindless upgrade task (#6922)
aws/eks-anywhere: docs/content/en/docs/clustermgmt/cluster-upgrades/baremetal-upgrades.md

EKS Anywhere then performs the upgrade, modifying your cluster to match the updated specification. 
The upgrade command also upgrades core components of EKS Anywhere and lets the user enjoy the latest features, bug fixes and security patches.

> **Upgrades should never be run from ephemeral nodes (short-lived systems that spin up and down on a regular basis). It is highly recommended to run the `upgrade` command with the `--no-timeouts` option when the command is executed through automation. This prevents the CLI from timing out and enables cluster operators to fix issues preventing the upgrade from completing while the process is running. If an `eksctl anywhere` version is older than `v0.18.0` and upgrade fails, _you must not to delete the KinD bootstrap cluster Docker container_. During an upgrade, the bootstrap cluster contains critical EKS Anywhere components. If it is deleted after a failed upgrade, they cannot be recovered.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Upgrades should never be run from ephemeral nodes (short-lived systems that spin up and down on a regular basis). It is highly recommended to run the `upgrade` command with the `--no-timeouts` option when the command is executed through automation. This prevents the CLI from timing out and enables cluster operators to fix issues preventing the upgrade from completing while the process is running. If an `eksctl anywhere` version is older than `v0.18.0` and upgrade fails, _you must not delete the KinD bootstrap cluster Docker container_. During an upgrade, the bootstrap cluster contains critical EKS Anywhere components. If it is deleted after a failed upgrade, they cannot be recovered.**
```

When triggering a workload cluster upgrade after upgrading the management cluster, please keep in mind that it will not only apply your changes in the workload cluster spec, but also any new improvements included in the new EKS Anywhere controller that was upgraded on the management cluster.
The changes in the EKS Anywhere controller can trigger a machine rollout on the workload cluster during upgrade, even if the changes to the workload cluster spec didn't require one (for example, scaling down a worker node group).

> To upgrade a cluster to v0.18.x `eksctl anywhere` version, it is madatory to upgrade the cluster first to `eksctl anywhere` version v0.17.x. 

Author: I have removed this for now.

> From `eksctl anywhere` version v0.18.0 onwards, for the management cluster upgrade, the CLI waits for 1 hour combined for etcd to be ready, control plane to be ready, default CNI to be configured, worker nodes to be ready and cluster to be ready state. It is recommended to run the `upgrade` command with the `--no-timeouts` flag if you want to override 1 hour timeout behavior.

Author: 1. We wanted to make this visible so if product thinks that’s not enough, we can change it. 
2. Since this section just includes [important data points](https://anywhere.eks.amazonaws.com/docs/clustermgmt/cluster-upgrades/baremetal-upgrades/), I have added it when we explain upgrade process more in [detail](https://anywhere.eks.amazonaws.com/docs/clustermgmt/cluster-upgrades/baremetal-upgrades/#upgrade-cluster-command).

> From `eksctl anywhere` version v0.18.0 onwards, for the management cluster upgrade, the CLI waits for 1 hour combined for etcd to be ready, control plane to be ready, default CNI to be configured, worker nodes to be ready and cluster to be ready state. It is recommended to run the `upgrade` command with the `--no-timeouts` flag if you want to override 1 hour timeout behavior.

Reviewer: @panktishah26 What point are we trying to convey though? The paragraph starts with 'v0.18 onwards' and talks about the CLI having a 1h timeout but that's not new to 0.18, hence I'm a little confused.

@csplinter

> From `eksctl anywhere` version v0.18.0 onwards, for the management cluster upgrade, the CLI waits for 1 hour combined for etcd to be ready, control plane to be ready, default CNI to be configured, worker nodes to be ready and cluster to be ready state. It is recommended to run the `upgrade` command with the `--no-timeouts` flag if you want to override 1 hour timeout behavior.

Author: Discussed this with Chris offline, I have removed this line for now. We can add it later anytime if we want to specify this.

> From `eksctl anywhere` version v0.18.0 onwards, for the management cluster upgrade, CLI waits for 1 hour combined for waiting for etcd to be ready, control plane to be ready, default CNI to be configured, worker nodes to be ready and cluster to be ready state. It is recommended to run the `upgrade` command with the `--no-timeouts` flag if you want to override 1 hour timeout behavior.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
From `eksctl anywhere` version v0.18.0 onwards, for the management cluster upgrade, the CLI waits for 1 hour combined for etcd to be ready, control plane to be ready, default CNI to be configured, worker nodes to be ready and cluster to be ready state. It is recommended to run the `upgrade` command with the `--no-timeouts` flag if you want to override 1 hour timeout behavior.
```

> From `eksctl anywhere` version v0.18.0 onwards, the `osImageURL` name for the cluster should have a cluster kubernetes version or workerNodeGroupConfiguration.kubernetesVersion version(in case of modular upgrade) in the name. If the kubernetes version is 1.24, the `osImageURL` name should include 1.24, 1_24, 1-24 or 124.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
From `eksctl anywhere` version v0.18.0 onwards, the `osImageURL` name for the cluster should include the kubernetes version (either `kubernetesVersion` or workerNodeGroupConfiguration.kubernetesVersion in the case of modular upgrades) in the name. For example, if the kubernetes version is 1.24, the `osImageURL` name should include 1.24, 1_24, 1-24 or 124.
```

When triggering a workload cluster upgrade after upgrading the management cluster, please keep in mind that it will not only apply your changes in the workload cluster spec, but also any new improvements included in the new EKS Anywhere controller that was upgraded on the management cluster.
The changes in the EKS Anywhere controller can trigger a machine rollout on the workload cluster during upgrade, even if the changes to the workload cluster spec didn't require one (for example, scaling down a worker node group).

> To upgrade a cluster to v0.18.x `eksctl anywhere` version, it is madatory to upgrade the cluster first to `eksctl anywhere` version v0.17.x. From v0.18.0 onwards, CLI waits for 1 hour combined for waiting for etcd to be ready, control plane to be ready, default CNI to be configured, worker nodes to be ready and cluster to be ready state. It is highly recommended to run the `upgrade` command with the `--no-timeouts` flag to override 1 hour timeout behavior. The `osImageURL` name for the cluster should have a cluster kubernetes version or workerNodeGroupConfiguration.kubernetesVersion version(in case of modular upgrade) in the name. If the kubernetes version is 1.24, the `osImageURL` name should include 1.24, 1_24, 1-24 or 124.

Reviewer 2: - I wonder if this info should be spread in multiple paragraphs or even bullet points. in its current form it seems easy to miss and there is no much cohesion between the sentences.
- why is no-timeouts highly recommended? We should say that now it's the only option to tweak the timeouts, but why do we recommend it?

Author: - Agree, done.
- I have tweaked the sentence. Pl let me know if you want to change it.

  ✅ validate immutable fields
  🎉 all cluster upgrade preflight validations passed
  Performing provider setup and validations
  Ensuring etcd CAPI providers exist on management cluster before upgrade
  Pausing GitOps cluster resources reconcile
  Upgrading core components
  Backing up management cluster's resources before upgrading
  Upgrading management cluster
  Updating Git Repo with new EKS-A cluster spec
  Forcing reconcile Git repo with latest commit
  Resuming GitOps cluster resources kustomization
  Writing cluster config file
  🎉 Cluster upgraded!
  Cleaning up backup resources
  ```
  

>   From `eksctl anywhere` version v0.18.0 onwards, for the management cluster upgrade, CLI relies on eks-a controller to upgrade all the components. If the upgrade process gets stuck and a user fixes underliying issue, the upgrade process will continue. In case if CLI times out during the upgrade process, a user can still fix the underlying issue because the upgrade process is still active since it runs in the controller. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  From `eksctl anywhere` version v0.18.0 onwards, for the management cluster upgrade, the CLI relies on the EKS-A controller to upgrade all the components. If the upgrade process gets stuck and a user fixes underlying issue, the upgrade process will continue. This works even if the CLI times out during the upgrade process because the upgrade process is still active since it runs in the controller. 
```

>   During the workload cluster upgrade process, EKS Anywhere pauses the cluster controller reconciliation by adding the paused annotation `anywhere.eks.amazonaws.com/paused: true` to the EKS Anywhere cluster, provider datacenterconfig and machineconfig resources, before the components upgrade. After upgrade completes, the annotations are removed so that the cluster controller resumes reconciling the cluster.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  During the workload cluster upgrade process, EKS Anywhere pauses the cluster controller reconciliation by adding the paused annotation `anywhere.eks.amazonaws.com/paused: true` to the EKS Anywhere cluster, provider datacenterconfig and machineconfig resources, before the components upgrade. After upgrade completes, the annotations are removed so that the cluster controller resumes reconciling the cluster. If the CLI execution is interrupted or times out, the controller won't reconcile changes to the EKS-A objects until these annotations are removed. You can re-run the CLI to restart the upgrade process or remove the annotations manually with `kubectl`.
```

>   During the workload cluster upgrade process, EKS Anywhere pauses the cluster controller reconciliation by adding the paused annotation `anywhere.eks.amazonaws.com/paused: true` to the EKS Anywhere cluster, provider datacenterconfig and machineconfig resources, before the components upgrade. After upgrade completes, the annotations are removed so that the cluster controller resumes reconciling the cluster. If the CLI execution is interrupted or times out, the controller won't reconcile changes to the EKS-A objects until these annotations are removed. You can re-run the CLI to restart the upgrade process or remove the annotations manually with `kubectl`.

Author: Workload cluster upgrade process using CLI still follows CLI code and doesn't rely on EKS-A controller. This sentence is already there on the [doc site](https://anywhere.eks.amazonaws.com/docs/clustermgmt/cluster-upgrades/baremetal-upgrades/#output), I have just differentiated it for the workload cluster since we have changed the flow only for the management cluster for now.

>   During the workload cluster upgrade process, EKS Anywhere pauses the cluster controller reconciliation by adding the paused annotation `anywhere.eks.amazonaws.com/paused: true` to the EKS Anywhere cluster, provider datacenterconfig and machineconfig resources, before the components upgrade. After upgrade completes, the annotations are removed so that the cluster controller resumes reconciling the cluster. If the CLI execution is interrupted or times out, the controller won't reconcile changes to the EKS-A objects until these annotations are removed. You can re-run the CLI to restart the upgrade process or remove the annotations manually with `kubectl`.

Reviewer: Ah of course, thanks for clarifying.
